sdcardrecover.com-
==================

The most powerful and reliable SD card data rescue software that allowing you to retrieve deleted, formatted, corrupted or lost files, pictures, video, music, and photos from Secure Digital Card. All SD Card types and various file formats are supported. It has a wizard-style interface and allows you to easily get everything back from your SD memoty card. It supports all brands including SanDisk, Kingston, Sony, HP, PNY, Lexar, Panasonic, Lowepro, Samsung, Transcent, PQI and more.  SD Card Recovery is able to rescue deleted, lost, reformatted, damaged pictures or files from CompactFlash, SDHC, MiniSD, MicroSD cards as well.  It is an advanced data-recovery solution for SD Card. Whether you have erased your photos from digital camera or formatted your SD card by mistake, or you have experienced a crash, SD Card Recovery may help.  Simply attach the media to your computer (a card reader is recommended) and run SD Card Recovery. The photos or other files are automatically saved off to another location.                 Download demo version                http://www.sdcardrecover.com/SDCardRecovery.dmg      http://www.sdcardrecover.com/SDCardRecovery.exe        Supports data recovery from almost all SD cards in market. The software is designed to run on the both Macintosh and Windows System. It is all-in-one software that can rescue photos, pictures, video, music, email, documents, data from all the external Drives like Digital camera, USB Cards, Memory sticks, Memory Cards, CompactFlash, SD Cards, etc This application was developed since people were facing the problems like photo corruption, deletion or data lost. Due to:      Accidental formatting of media     Accidental deletion of picture(s) or video files.     Misuse of SD cards     Corruption in memory card or digital camera.     Usage of memory drives in different computers        Some of the highlights of SD Card Recovery are:      Recover photos, images, video, music, office documents, email, spreadsheets, text files, &amp; more.     Works with all the types of media used in digital camera (SD Cards, CF Cards, Memeory Sticks, etc...).     Supports recover from all major cameras like Canon, Sony, Nikon, Kodak, Fuji and Olympus.     Works with most brands of cameras, SD cards and readers.     Recovers corrupted files and folders damaged due to human error or any virus generated data loss.     Recovers from various kinds of storage devices including; MMC, SD, miniSD, microSD, XD and Flash cards.     Photo Recovery from SD memory cards, digital cameras or any other removable media.     The first to supports rescue AVCHD movie taken by video camera or digital still camera.     Also supports rescue RAW image files.     Newly supports recovery of photos stored on XQD memory card.     Allows you to safely format and wipe SD cards.     Creates a backup image of your SD card for archiving.     Displays previews of the recoverable photos.     Simple graphical user interface makes it easy-to-use.     Safe and non destructive SD Card rescue software, no write operation performed.     Support multiple languages such as English, German, Spanish, French, Italian, Portuguese, and more.     Compatible with Mac OS X 10.9 Mavericks, Mac 10.8 Mountain Lion, and Windows 8.         What is SD Card?  SD Card (Secure Digital Card) is a small flash memory card designed to provide high-capacity memory in a small size. SD cards come in a variety of speed classes and three different physical sizes: SD, miniSD, and microSD. SD cards are widely used used in many small portable devices such as digital video camcorders, digital cameras, handheld computers, audio players and mobile phones. The capacities are from 256 MB, 512 MB, 1 GB, 2 GB, 4 GB, 8 GB, 16 GB to 64 GB. and types include SD memory card, SDHC, miniSD, microSD. SD card is developed by SanDisk, Toshiba and Panasonic. SD card is compact and slim but handles high volume content.           
